[Music]
how you go again welcome back to study
buddy sunday and today we're gonna
attempt to read five books
in only three hours and joining me is
our study buddy of the week
ke
so what are we reading today uh i got a
book for you
and i'm gonna start with turning pro i'm
starting with turning pro which is a
book about how to stop procrastinating
and go from an amateur to a professional
in your passions and kayi is reading the
dip which teaches you when to quit
and when to stick through the hard times
i don't know about you but
it's getting a little hard you breathing
here
should we go out
[Music]
wow nice
got the sunshine too this weekend the
sun's shining bright
just like our futures so far i'm really
liking steven pressfield's writing style
because he's so
poetic when it comes to describing your
inner battle between procrastination
and productive work
did you just no
i need to stay away
oh
can we go lay somewhere else no i'm
pretty comfortable
[Applause]
the beach yes
all right let's go okay let's
get some sun baby it's time to go
i gotta be honest reading five books
today might be a little bit of a stretch
because
the beach is way too nice
and kaye unlike michelle our study buddy
last week
is a little bit more distracting
what's your reading i'm reading
do the work which i'm trying to do right
now
this second book is about overcoming
resistance and getting out of your own
way
i like this it's like a little windy
it's not too hot some fresh air
very gorgeous okay breathe in that
mother nature
breathe it in come on come on
how's that feel how's that feeling
pretty good pretty good let me
read you a quote i really like a child
has no trouble believing the
unbelievable
nor does a genius or the madman it's
only you and i with our big brains and
our tiny hearts who doubt and overthink
and hesitate
hey hey hey
focus focus
there we go
so start before you are ready
huh what is this
[Music]
no the weather is too nice to not take a
dip
i think we gotta go
oh is this water cold or is it warm
[Music]
a little chilly
so what did you learn today actually
from your book
i learned about the dip in life which is
it's when you meet challenges and you
need to decide whether or not you
should quit and whether it's only a dip
or if you're just stuck in a hole right
how do you decide
because like right now you're trying to
decide something like that in your life
right
i'm gonna dip so in the future i think
that
things will get better and i am very
hopeful that it will
um i don't think i'm stuck in a hole so
i learned that today and now i feel
like i have i guess gained a little bit
of trust in myself to keep going
just because i know that now okay so
today i read
turning pro by stephen pressfield which
is the author of war of art which we
read last week
in this book the author talks about
turning pro but how do you do it
how do you do it you turn pro by
building pro
habits so a lot of you have actually
messaged me
you guys are really struggling trying to
focus at home especially when you're
working
from home studying from home so that's
why for the past few weeks
i've been working on a special coaching
group for those who want to take your
productivity
to the pro level
productivity pro boot camp all right
that will be coming in the next
two or three weeks um yeah you can join
you can join yeah you definitely need
some coaching because
you were procrastinating a lot over
there
we're gonna do weekly coaching calls
where i'm gonna teach you a productivity
lesson
and give you some tips to implement that
into your life we're also gonna have
monthly habits that we're gonna build
together as a community
we're all going to be supportive and
we're going to track our habits and make
constant progress towards our goals
every single week
how exciting does that start it's going
to be awesome you should be hearing more
details
in the next one to two weeks just
do it i'm so excited honestly can't wait
to show you guys this
the day is closing down we're getting a
little hungry
we'll see you on the next study buddy
8 30 a.m see you there bye